00:00 Alright, I want to share the full vision for the app. I mean, it's 
the working vision, but okay, so the full vision is here.
00:09 These are all the things we need to, like, actually run this program 
is, I'm going to open up this document here that you will have access to, 
is it'll have a platform.
00:23 It'd be good for mobile and desktop. There's a sign-in. The sign-in 
needs to have by tier because they are, it's an employee workplace.
00:30 Program, meaning they have 10 employees. They add an 11th person. It 
needs to upgrade their plan. Um, they need to be able to manually add 
their own team, like an invite that they can sign up and make a profile.
00:42 Um, there needs to be some sort of community area and all these 
things don't have to be in the app for now, but like I'm sharing 
everything that has to happen for this.
00:49 So we're envisioning a tool whether it is all in the app or separate 
or whatever, we might have to start differently.
00:55 a directory where we can see both salons and spas and schools. We 
want to have integrated bots where people have chatbots to help them, a 
clone of me in there to help them.
01:09 We're going to use Delphi for this, most likely. I think that's how 
you spell it. Here you go. Their chatbot is great.
01:26 It's of their owner, you can chat with it and then you can make a 
clone where someone can call and text it.
01:30 And stuff. So we need to be able to make the onboarding process, um, 
easier. Okay. Back to that, um, report.
01:42 So a lot of good wellness programs are very much assessment driven. 
They're like basically really good surveys and assessments that give you 
progress reports and data on your teams.
01:51 You have like OKRs to show what's performing well and what's not. So 
like a progress dashboard, a self-care dashboard kind of showing you where 
you're at.
02:02 Vitality On Demand we currently are using in Hello Audio. So that is 
like basically a secret podcast and it's kind of like a calm app where 
there's meditations, visualizations, but it's just all audios right now.
02:18 So it's very simple. Um, they can listen to it in an airplane or 
whatever, cause it can be offline. Um, we do need to be able to have where 
we can have videos and audios be cool if they could get like like a 
self-care progress report and like little reminders and stuff to help with 
their self-care, but,
02:37 and then there's actual education. So our wellness program is an 
education-based program. So it's education that they integrate either into 
their school for their teachers and students or wellness education for 
their employees and the owner that becomes part of the company culture.
02:51 The tool itself becomes the surveys, the on-demand, the progress 
reports, um, things like that. The community becomes this thing that 
connects them.
03:01 Those are really, um, the, the features we're calling our progress 
reports vital checks. We also need to have some form of way that people 
are segmented on different types of people.
03:12 They're a teacher, a student, et cetera, because they see different 
things. So, you know, long-term, this is our program. This is our 
education program where an owner, so teachers go through a different 
process, an owner logs in and they have to go through different 
categories.
03:26 So, we have get set up, there's get started, which is start here, 
which is like make your profile, do the things, fill out your form, learn 
about the glossary, get in the community, download your Elizabeth, get set 
up, this is where they start picking their path, what would be cool 
long-term in the app
03:43 is when they pick their path, if they're like building and answering 
these things, it like builds a dashboard for them of like, okay, you chose 
this path, you assigned a vitality champion, that's someone in their team 
to help them, like, and it's kind of like building this dashboard where 
they could 
03:56 see all this information, that would be incredible to kind of create 
their custom wellness plan for their company, uhm, so this is like 
onboarding themselves, uhm, they're picking their team incentives for 
wellness, and then 90 days to success is how they onboard their team, so 
we have a path that they
04:14 do it through, uhm, and then they go through the actual education, 
so what we're thinking to make life easy for now, is that we're gonna host 
this education in Kajabi, and we're gonna have this onboarding process, 
and the live calls for the owners, we're gonna have a separate portal that 
has just the
04:33 program, which is what the employees and everyone sees. Long term, 
it would be really nice to have this in one app, where they don't have to 
go to multiple places, uhm, my other video, which you should watch at the 
bottom, explains all this in great detail, because it's important that 
whoever builds 
04:48 this understands our vision, and all of it can be built in a way 
that is the most time, money, efficient, all the things.
04:56 What I'm thinking for a is we put the program, so we have two Kajabi 
portals. One is the start here that gets set up, basically learn your 
path, all the things in Kajabi.
05:12 Um, we have a second portal that's the actual program that the 
employees and everyone can see. Um, and it's fully in Kajabi, all the 
things.
05:21 The app becomes Vitality Project on Demand, and this becomes the 
tool that supports the education. They need to integrate though in a few 
ways.
05:30 So, So, . . My idea of this is it's gonna be cheaper for us to start 
by a landslide. Um, and we get what we need to get up off the ground, and 
make sure this concept works.
05:44 So what we would have to have is when someone signs up, it 
automatically sends them to the app. Some-some how this app has a login, 
and we know their tier.
05:53 So they are tiered, I bought 10 employees, I bought 15 employees, 
whatever. They need to then be able to send a way to invite Right.
06:01 Their team, even it's just a link, to be added to the account where 
we know they're all underneath that one salon.
06:08 What we want to do is be able to have a QR code or a poster that 
people can print out in their business and be like, welcome vitality 
project, we're becoming, you know, a vitality project business, like scan 
the QR code and they become, like this and they get sent here, or you can 
like send a link kind
06:22 of like WhatsApp or whatever and like, you know, he can be like, 
join me in a chat. There also needs to be a language setting because in 
the near future as the next year, we're gonna have to be able to **** to 
know their language and we need to be able to have the app, everything 
that's already in the
06:36 app to be in that language. Uhm, we, including the bot. Uhm, we also 
need to have this automatically grant access to them to Kajabi, whether 
that's a Zapier or some sort of connection where when someone signs up, we 
know they're an owner, they've assigned their vitality champion, which is 
their leadership
06:56 team, so they get access to the one Kajabi account that has all the 
onboarding and the owners stuff. And the program, which is the second 
Kajabi.
07:04 If they're a team member and they're marked as a team member, they 
need to get zapped over to get Kajabi access just to the program.
07:11 So we need that all automated, where it's connected to the app 
somehow, they add their account and it zaps them over.
07:17 So if we're not having everything in app right now to save money, it 
at least needs to do that feature.
07:22 Uhm, I would love it if everyone could make a profile and there was 
a directory. Uhm, I'm hoping that not too hard or expensive and we can 
just plug into something.
07:31 thing. That, um, and people could like search the directory. Even 
better if they could DM people, right? But, um, yeah, can they DM?
07:41 Can they do groups? Is that that expensive to add in? Is that a lot 
more work? Uhm, okay, so the things that are important here are the 
account and the tier.
07:49 Uhm, I like to think the directory is important. We also could have 
the directory automatically connect to something on our website.
07:57 Uhm, if there's a way to like zap all the people in there and we 
just have like a big directory.
08:01 You're on our website and it's a public page and it's just like 
somehow goes into some CRM and it's whatever, like connected by what type, 
like who's an owner and who's in school and it like auto populates.
08:14 That, that might even be better to have the directory. Uhm, there. 
Or both. I, I just, it basically comes down to cost.
08:21 Uhm, vital check. So this is the survey. This is where I gave you 
some examples of like work leap, culture app, work human.
08:29 All these workplace wellness programs are really survey based. and 
stay safe. It's actually, they don't really have any education. So they 
lack in education and they lack in community.
08:36 And so really wellness programs are like a comm app or they're like 
a survey app. We're really different because we know that teaching people 
how to be well and giving them experience based education for wellness is 
actually what's going to move the needle for them to want to fill out the 
f****** surveys
08:49 to get results in the surveys. Excuse my crunch and actually use the 
on demand things. So, um, again, it creates multiple things that we're 
doing, but they all work together.
09:00 So, the Edel checks are basically the surveys that are super 
important. Um, somehow we have to connect once someone's gone through a 
certain amount of content in Kajabi, they need to be on a track.
09:16 Like once they sign up because we have a survey they get when they 
sign up. Um, 30 days later, uh, 90 days later and then it's once a year 
and they get different surveys if they're an owner, a champion, which is 
like the right hand to the owner or a team member.
09:31 And so we just, just need to like, whatever we need to do on the 
back end where those things are happening.
09:36 Um, the owner and whoever the leadership team needs to have like a 
progress dashboard where they can see the results, they can get 
recommendations for their team.
09:44 It'd be really cool to have like almost some like train chat GBT bot 
that knows our content that could give them suggestions based on different 
things, almost like quits like like, hey, because these things, you know, 
are lower on your team, here's some suggestions, like if you need more 
help, you know
10:00 , ask away or whatever. forever. Um, but I think the progress report 
is huge. It needs to have charts, those need to auto-populate, they need 
to be basically like OKRs that we can prove that they're getting results 
and show them areas.
10:12 Um, we also have this idea of something called HSLs. And so in HSLs, 
a heard scene in Loved, it's a concept that we do in our company where you 
basically acknowledge someone publicly and celebrate them.
10:23 And so we talk about a culture of celebration and making people feel 
heard, seen in Loved. It'd be cool to have some sort of team leaderboard 
where they could send HSLs.
10:29 Um, um, you know, and the team could see or, so that, that's 
something I'd be curious what we could do with.
10:38 That's something we could add later. But, um, anyways. And it's also 
something we could track like how heard scene in Loved you feel in the 
team.
10:47 You know what I mean? Um, and then, you know, they could send more 
HSLs basically. Vitality on demand is kind of like a column app.
10:54 Um, the Brighton app, I think is a really good example actually. I'm 
like obsessed with that. Um, and what I like like about that app as well 
as there's like on demand tools for things, but there's also like the AI 
feature of, um, calm is a good example as well too.
11:15 But Brighton, I liked a lot. Like, how are you feeling today is 
right there. Um, and there's AI prompt and you can pick between, it says 
health, wealth, gratitude, reflect goals.
11:30 So, So, after a minute, and it's using AI to be like right in 
affirmation to express gratitude and like, anyways, you can journal.
11:39 So, I love that. It's like a self-help tool. Um, so it'd be cool if 
we could have the on demand where we have all our breath works, our 
meditation, some of our movement videos.
11:49 And it'd be cool if you got your own progress report of like, um, 
you know, how you are with self-care and like it had some of these 
features where you could journal, make affirmations, set goals, like 
little things like that.
11:59 I have tools that we actually have a custom planner that we could 
take. Some of those tools and create something simple.
12:04 Um, yes. And then an announcement's only place where if we could 
only have certain people view that. So I think the like dire things that 
would need to happen to have this app off the floor would be tears and 
adding teams.
12:23 Um, organize communication and guidance of the app being really 
intuitive and guiding you through the process. Um, so the, um, having, 
whether that's our AI chatbot, prompts, things like that.
12:37 The on demand library being super easy to search by symptoms or how 
you're feeling. Um, that interactive AI feature where they can like, um, 
journal prompt or take notes or get affirmations or whatever.
12:51 I'm obsessed with that. And then assessments and progress reports. 
So they can see how their own self care is doing.
12:57 And these are reports that the owners are getting with suggestions. 
I think that that's huge. I think nice step, and then, and then I need to 
have, is it automatically connects if a job being gives them access to 
things.
13:08 Um, and then one chat place in the app where we can talk directly to 
owners. I need to have also is differentiating if they, cause what we're 
gonna have is owners on their team.
13:20 Schools, their teachers and their students. And so we have to 
segment who sees what. And so we only want obviously the owners of schools 
and stuff to get these, like, progress reports on everyone.
13:31 And different people get different surveys. survey. So just, you 
know, that being segmented tagged, whatever, where they're viewing is a 
little different.
13:37 Um, that's what would have to happen for this to be just a tool and 
have all the education somewhere else.
13:43 Um, things that'd be nice to have is a directory. Uhm, and probably 
all the education in here, you know, but the HSLs would be a nice to have 
two the Hertzina loves like leaderboard.
13:56 Um, but I think if there is the, the other nice to have would be, 
uh, when people go through the onboarding, like as an owner or a school, 
they're basically picking, this is my Vitality Champion.
14:09 These are my goals. This is this. Um, it would be cool if it, in 
their progress report had something that was like, this is a custom 
wellness plan for you.
14:19 Like, this is where you're at. If we could build that into the 
progress reports, that would be really nice. So, that's the tool without 
having like all the community and all the education in there, which I 
don't, I know gets a little more complicated, so we would call this at 
Vitality.
14:31 I'm talk a Vitality on Demand, um, and we would do our digital 
events and our education in separate portals, but in the future, it would 
be nice to have everything in one spot.
14:42 You know what I mean? Um, so that's kind of the simplify. I've been 
trying to simplify this to just be, and I think like, brighten as the best 
example if it had surveys.
14:54 If it had surveys and a wellness plan, um, for you. So it was kind 
of like, um, . Like, work leap or one of these had a baby with brighten 
and column.
15:09 They kind of, umm, meshed.
