00:01 Alright, let's go through the whole thing. Okay, so when you sign 
in, you are going to sign in by tier.
00:10 Um, so let's say they pick a plan that is up to five employees. It's 
a once a year membership fee.
00:18 Um, we need them to be able to add their own employees and managers 
to the account and label them by which they are and that will give them 
access to what they are.
00:30 And when they hit their max of six, five people, it'll say, hey, to 
add one more person, you need to upgrade your account.
00:38 And it can do that. If they are a school or a teacher, it would be 
great if the school could make an account, and then the owner of the 
school or the director of the school can then add a few.
00:50 We call them vitality ambassadors. They could add a few of their 
ambassadors to the account, because they don't really need I guess they do 
need all their teachers in there they would have owner directors 
ambassadors and then teachers and then we could tag what they get access 
to okay so come in to make
01:07 an account what this is like it's kind of like a course ish so they 
would first start in a section maybe there's icons or however you want to 
look it would say start here start here would have a welcome video and a 
welcome letter and an onboarding checklist this is for the owner and spa 
side not the 
01:25 school side um most of this is for owners by the way and this tool 
helps them implement it with their staff, so.
01:35 for employee and workplace wellness they would need to make a 
profile and that would link automatically to the directory and I'd like it 
they could see a directory and they could search you know maybe by type of 
salon or spa, uhm, part of the world we have this will be a worldwide 
thing as well we will
01:52 have to have people choose their main language in the beginning, 
uhm, we'll start with English but later we're going to have to have 
multiple languages, uhm, they'll fill out the form so there will be a form 
they need to fill out, uhm, and we just would want it embedded, uhm, and 
then we have a glossary
02:07 so they can understand like terms and conditions, like terms we 
might say like words, like what is a vitality pod, what's an ambassador, 
uhm, how to, I would have, each of these will a video, how to utilize the 
community portal, so an area where they can be in community with different 
channels for talking
02:22 in different topics. Ideally, they could also have a private DM 
group with just their staff. That would be amazing, and in an ideal world, 
uhm, when people start, it can trigger some sort of AI automation where, 
I'll go through this in a little bit, but every month there's a different 
focus, and if we
02:40 could have things that go out to the group and then go out to their, 
their chats, that would be great.
02:45 We We could also just do the group if we have to, and that works 
fine, too, honestly. And the group we would need to have, it's just owners 
and managers, but if, for those private DM groups, we can't have automated 
things, we could just have a group that has everyone's salon team, and 
they could get 
03:03 those automated prompts for every month when our focus has changed. 
Uhm, I would have a video that shows them how to use the platform, and we 
have, like, six pillars that we would explain, so we might have a chart or 
something.
03:17 How to add their leadership team. So owner, leadership team, and 
their team would be the three tasks. Uhm, then we'd teach them how to get 
connected with their success manager.
03:27 We're making a clone of me, like an AI clone. This would be 
Elisabot. It's a phone number that they can text and chat.
03:34 It would be great, too, to have some sort of embedded, you know, 
like, a really good chat bot, uhm, that has ability to use ChatGBT, so it 
can, like, really answer a lot of questions, and we could train this bot 
to know our whole program, and it could be, like, there for FAQ and help 
and all the things
03:49 . Understanding Terms and Conditions. So they're kind of like each 
little module is a little bit of videos and stuff. Uhm, then when they're 
done, this would be, like, perfect.
03:58 You need to move in to get set up. So the segments are start here, 
set up, 90 Days to Success, sustain, and then we have support.
04:08 But anyways, then they move in to get set up. So this is the 
onboarding for the owner. Then they're gonna onboard their team.
04:14 So the owner needs to get onboarded. So his first video would be, 
like, 90 Days to Success video. Have a workbook here.
04:20 I would give a tour of the platform in this video, talk about how 
we're using AI, and that they're gonna have to do all these things.
04:26 Uhm, then we'd have another video that is just about the program and 
it shows everything included in their program. There would be another 
video, so it's like another module, about paths.
04:36 And it would have the three paths that they can take to integrate 
this into their workplace and company. So we have, like, Engage, Ignite, 
and Power.
04:45 It would be cool if there was some little, like, I don't know what 
we could do in the app, like a little badge comes up.
04:51 Or something, like whatever path you end up choosing, or take a 
little quiz and you do it. I don't know what, what we're able to 
integrate, but these paths talk about what qualifies you for each path.
05:01 And then they follow a different plan based on their, blah, based on 
their path. Uhm, we all have a little video about how to soft launch, 
that's simple and easy.
05:10 Choose a communication channel, I'm hoping the communication channel 
is us and our app. And we're like, hey, be in the community group for 
owners and leaders.
05:18 Hey, you know, here's some segmented channels for different things. 
Uhm, hey, you know, make a group DM for your team only.
05:26 And maybe there's like one channel that's just everyone and that's 
where all the monthly challenges and updates go. So everyone, cause 
everyone is on this, every month there's a theme that they're going 
through, uhm, for wellness, for the wellness program.
05:39 Uhm, then they need to plan and schedule their employee kickoff. So 
this is when they're then onboarding their team. And FAQ.
05:47 It would be cool if based on, Well, hold on. Uhm, just kidding. I 
skipped a few. The next module would be about vitality champion and 
choosing their champion.
06:00 So this is someone who's going to be like an ambassador for them. It 
would be cool if there was like a little icon or something that they could 
have, like a trophy or something next to their name.
06:08 Like they can label their team, leadership team, their champion and 
owner. So people know who the champions are and we could even have a chat 
just for champions.
06:16 But, Then we'll have a module about how to create a vitality pod, 
which is like a wellness space in your business, and we have all these 
options on how to make your space.
06:25 It would even be cool to have a channel where people could like 
share their pods or, you know, pictures or whatever.
06:30 But, uhm, review the incentives. So we have a bunch of wellness 
employee incentives. Uhm, just as ideas, so it could be like a PDF, maybe 
they could mark things as like ideas they like.
06:42 I don't know if it's like, if that could feel kind of notion-y where 
you can like, you know, click things or feel like save it for later ideas 
or whatever.
06:51 Uhm, and then planning and scheduling your employee kickoff. So, 
ideally, they pick their path. And it would be really cool if, uhm, it 
could almost, well, I'll get in that way, but thank you.
07:10 So, now they know how to use the program, they've picked a champion, 
decided on their incentives, their pod, they've decided to do what the 
date is to do a kickoff.
07:20 It would be cool if they could almost have, like, a calendar for 
their own self, that they could pick a kickoff date.
07:28 Uhm, and then once they decide their kickoff date, it would upload, 
you know, the path, because the path is 90 days.
07:37 So, it's about 30 days for them to get on board for themselves, and 
then it's 90 days to train your team, and then you go into maintenance 
mode.
07:43 So it'd be cool if they could like pick a date, and it would upload 
on their own little private calendar.
07:47 I don't know if that's an option, but that would be badass. Okay. We 
have all these. Those are all modules.
07:55 Okay, 90 days to success. Uhm, here, they're gonna have each of 
their paths. So, Ignite, Engage, Empower. It's a 90-day plan on how to 
train your team.
08:05 So, there's 14 things to train them on. So, 90 days gives you a 
kickoff week, a closing week, and then one thing a week.
08:10 Uhm, we have the path Ignite, Engage, Empower, based on how hands-on 
you are with your employees. It'd be cool if they could, like, choose 
their kickoff date, and it would upload in their calendar immediately, and 
they could, like, move things around, and they could see their, like, 
90-day, you know,
08:24 thing. and whether they invite their team to it or it connects with 
Google Calendar, I don't know. Uhm, the next thing we talk about, why it's 
important to measure success and benchmarks.
08:37 So, I'd love for there to be, like, this dashboard where people can 
see their progress. NYC people, I mean, the owners and leaders and 
vitality champions can see the dashboard of, like, you know, success.
08:50 You finished that up. Success, you finished, uhm, you know, your 90 
days to success. When they have a new employee, it'll say, need to do 
90-day training, you know, to show what month they're on, things that are 
going well.
09:04 But we want to have something called vital checks. So vital checks 
are basically surveys and assessments that we want them to take a 
different point.
09:11 So the owner takes a 6-1-1 boarding. Uhm, the beginning of the 90 
days to success, we'll have everyone take one, and at the end, we'll have 
everyone on the team take one.
09:19 And then once a year, they'll all take one. We'd like these to be 
uploaded to be able to benchmark and have, like, OKRs and measurements of, 
like, how, uhm, performance, things, how we're perceiving things better to 
show that this is actually working.
09:32 Uhm, and so, you know, if there's any way to measure things like 
retention, recruitment, burnout rates, fulfillment, workplace wellness, 
happiness, any OPRs we can show, I'd be really amazing.
09:48 And if when these reports come back once a year, we could send a, 
suggestions something, you know, whatever we want to call it, a vital 
check, uhm, whatever we want to call it, and it has some areas that 
they're doing really good in and celebrates them, some areas that may be 
challenges or conflicts,
10:08 and maybe some areas for, uhm, improvement, and we could measure 
some of these things to be able to show them, uhm, in these areas, like, 
how they're doing.
10:17 We also have these six pillars that we talk about. Up here, 
coaching, leadership, team building, culture, innovation. Uhm, the 
questions follow the pillars, so we could even, like, have statistics for 
pillars and different things, uhm, so that would be, you know, great to 
have these anonymous, like, 
10:37 people fill out the forms, they're tagged under their salon owner, 
and then when they're all in, it can shoot them the data in a way that 
just goes to the owner, uhm, or the leadership team, and then they can 
have a dashboard or just, like, kind of all the things overall all the 
time that only the owners
10:52 see, and their leadership team. Uhm, we'll have a module about the 
90 days to hire the new person. So when they add someone, it'd be cool to 
see on their dashboard or calendar, they might be like, OK, need to start.
11:05 Another 90 days to success like a person, and you could assign the 
vitality champion to it. This would be, like, the dream, right?
11:13 OK. Sustain is, like, great. We've onboarded. Now we're just in 
maintenance mode. So maintenance mode, there's 14 modules to this 
training.
11:21 We're condensing it to 12, so there'll be two and two of them. So 
it's every year, and it's just going to January, February, like, go like 
this.
11:27 And so people will just hop in wherever they are. That way everyone 
is every month on the same page. So there's a training every month, and 
then there's different ways based on their path ignited.
11:36 How they can engage their employees and have these things be part of 
their company culture and conversations and prompts. So we'd love to 
ideally, whether they're an Engage Ignite or Empower, have automated 
prompts that kind of either go out to the owners or to the whole team.
11:53 You know, as questions, uhm, to help. But what would be great is 
just f****** automate all this, you know. and it's the same every time.
12:03 We don't have to email and this, like everything can live through 
the app. We'll have some meeting templates for them and then they're gonna 
have the actual program which we'll get to.
12:15 And then we'll have retreats. We'd love to be able to host digital 
retreats. We do this through an app right now, uhm, where we have a little 
app.
12:22 But it'd be great, this could be a private area in our app where, 
uhm, we can gamify things. And maybe we use the community chat we already 
have and we just make an extra channel that's private only for retreat 
people.
12:35 Uhm, but we have like, it's like a little leaderboard and stuff we 
could do, which would be cool in our app all the time.
12:42 But anyways, we do videos, and we literally teach a live retreat, 
and it's great. But this will be paid for, so it'd be great if there was 
an app that they could, once a year, we're like, hey, we're doing another 
vitality retreat.
12:55 Buy passes for your employees, and they have to register by how many 
people on their team, but we need to just know what's on their account.
13:01 So if they have 10 people registered on their account, they can't 
buy five. They have to buy for everyone. And so based on their tier, you 
know, maybe they pay for something.
13:11 I don't know. And then, then it goes into the support section. 
Support, again, this is all for owners only, all of this.
13:19 Owners and their leadership team. This would have, every other month 
we're going to do like Zoom calls, so the replays would live there in the 
calendar for the future.
13:28 And reminders. Our customer service bot, which hopefully is in the 
corner. Um, and then any additional tools, like we're selling like posters 
and printables and mugs and things that they can have for wellness.
13:40 We have a Shopify store that's on demand stuff. If we could just 
integrate our Shopify, that'd be even better. Um, and then the program, 
and this is what the team will see.
13:51 So the team will see the actual program, which is 14 lessons. I'll 
probably put into 12 modules. It has workbooks and like homework with each 
one.
14:00 Maybe we do have the group chat, like I was saying, a certain area 
where the team can be. They'll be on it and there's prompts, a directory 
they can see.
14:06 And then we have what's like, I would like to be like a calm app. 
Um, like meditations, visualizations, little workout, you know, things 
right now, we're just using hello audio, but it would be great if vitality 
on demand could be a segment within our software that only people can see 
if we give them
14:24 access to that. The problem with this is this would be great if 
within our app vitality project Vitality on Demand could be in this and 
students can have access teachers because we send everyone to hello audio 
I'm hoping this doesn't need to be a separate meditation app you know what 
I mean if it does
14:45 fine but it really would be f****** nice we could all be in one and 
yep that's it so it's kind of like the program right they have their their 
meditations and this and that and then if we had a teacher section really 
what we'd want for teachers is Vitality On Demand, chat and directory, 
like maybe a 
15:16 community chat, uhm, possibly and we'd love to have like the 
VitalCheck wellness assessments, uhm, that teachers can take and owners 
will get like reports and progress, like a dashboard, uhm, in the future 
we would like to have a certification that would be awesome for teachers 
But, um, anyways, that
15:47 is the vision, my friends.
